If the next letter in our ABC steps, G stood for anything, it would be good job because you've done
it, you've made it through this tough cookies self-defense course in one piece.
Hopefully now one much stronger, more resilient and valiant piece like a brilliant diamond or vibranium.
All that's left to do now is to review what we've covered and see what you've learned.
Better to test yourself now and make sure before you have to face the real test.
So let's go back through each of our past modules in this course.
One by one step by step and review it all one more time.
In your first module, you learned with this tough cookie self-defense system is all about what it entails.
Why I started it, how it's different and why it's so important.
You also learned how to get the most out of this course and out of yourself, how to use them to achieve
a stage of relaxed readiness and have a little fun while you're at it.
Your second module taught you the first of your ABCs a four avoid and how to master your situational
and self awareness.
Identify suspicious behavior, potential dangers and typical predators around you in your daily routine
and practice avoiding them entirely.
The third module taught you be for back track.
And how do I identify all your potential escape routes throughout your daily routine, as well as all
the people and places of safety you can escape to?
Once you've managed to get away to safety, always remembering Etgar escape to gain safety in your fourth
module, you learn C for control how to maintain control of yourself, both your mind and body by setting
and reinforcing your mental and physical boundaries with your ready stands, ready weapons and loud
verbal warning, as well as your legal boundaries and local self-defense laws, hopefully to de-escalate
the situation, or at least to be prepared if it does become physically violent.
The fifth module went through all the basic but essential deeper defend moves to use in any scenario
when physical force is your only safe and viable option to help you get away to safety.
You learned and practiced all 10 of these moves.
Number one, the eye gouge or poke number to the ear twist number three the palm strike number for the
blade or X hand strike number five.
The elbow strike number six.
The Knee strike number seven.
The groin kick number eight.
The Shin or knee kick number nine.
The Foot Stomp.
And Number 10, the hip thrust.
You also learned what to do in any scenario with weapons, both when your assailant has one and when
you decide to use one of your own.
Your sixth module taught you what to do next after you've successfully escaped to safety, including
for events or how to report what happened to the authorities.
And E!
Four Evaluate or how to find others you trust to continue talking about it and processing what happened
for yourself and your own recovery.
Remembering that you are strong.
You are a survivor, not a victim, and you are not alone.
Your seventh module wrapped up all of this in a nice little extra familiarised package, emphasizing
the importance of continued consistent practice of all these steps and moves with all your practice,
supplies and support until they become ingrained in your mental and muscle memory, so they will truly
be instinct in the split second moment you need them most.
Now here in your eighth and final module, we've reviewed everything you've learned over the course
of this course.
This is your final Test before the real life test that you hopefully never have to take.
You've done a real good job so far and you're nearly done.
Feels good down it.
Just one video left to go with my final message to you on this the day of your tough cookie graduation.
So go on.
Watch that now.
Good luck on your final test and then go celebrate yourself.
You have earned it.